#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.2.0
    # via ortools
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via graphene
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via django
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
attrs==21.2.0
    # via jsonschema
authlib==1.2.0
    # via drf-oidc-auth
billiard==4.1.0
    # via celery
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via django-helusers
celery==5.3.0b2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
cron-descriptor==1.3.0
    # via django-celery-beat
cryptography==41.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   authlib
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   odfpy
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via django-helusers
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via django-import-export
django==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-admin-sortable2
    #   django-auditlog
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-enumfields2
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-recurrence
    #   django-redis
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   elasticsearch-django
    #   graphene-django
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
django-admin-extra-buttons==1.5.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-admin-rangefilter==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-admin-sortable2==2.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-auditlog==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-beat==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-results==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-enumfields2==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extra-fields==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene-permissions
django-graphql-jwt==0.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-helusers==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
django-import-export==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.0.0
    # via django-mptt
django-modeltranslation==0.18.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-prometheus==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-recurrence==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==5.0
    # via django-celery-beat
django-tinymce==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
drf-oidc-auth==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
drf-spectacular==0.26.2
    # via -r requirements.in
easy-thumbnails==2.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.14.1
    # via python-jose
elastic-transport==8.4.0
    # via elasticsearch
elasticsearch==8.8.0
    # via elasticsearch-django
elasticsearch-django==8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
flake8==3.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
graphene==3.2.1
    # via
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphene-permissions
graphene-django==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   graphene-permissions
graphene-file-upload==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphene-permissions==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
graphql-core==3.2.3
    # via
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==3.2.0
    # via
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
helsinki-profile-gdpr-api==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hiredis==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
icalendar==5.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
isort==5.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via drf-spectacular
kombu==5.3.0b3
    # via celery
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
numpy==1.23.3
    # via ortools
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via tablib
ortools==9.5.2237
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==20.9
    # via deprecation
pillow==9.3.0
    # via easy-thumbnails
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via django-prometheus
promise==2.3
    # via graphene-django
prompt-toolkit==3.0.23
    # via click-repl
protobuf==4.21.6
    # via ortools
psycopg2==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycodestyle==2.6.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyflakes==2.2.0
    # via flake8
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   social-auth-core
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-crontab==2.7.1
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   django-auditlog
    #   django-recurrence
    #   icalendar
    #   python-crontab
python-jose==3.2.0
    # via django-helusers
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   icalendar
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   tablib
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-redis
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   django-helusers
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via social-auth-core
rsa==4.7.2
    # via python-jose
sentry-sdk==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
simplejson==3.19.1
    # via elasticsearch-django
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ecdsa
    #   graphene-file-upload
    #   jsonschema
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-jose
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.1.0
    # via social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.3.0
    # via django-import-export
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via graphene-django
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via django-modeltranslation
tzdata==2023.3
    # via django-celery-beat
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.21
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
